KANAGAWA DISTRICT SATOZAKURA HIGH SCHOOL
AUDIO-VISUAL CLUB
Wait, there are five sequels
to The Super Scream Project?
There are seven of them.
Really? I think the seventh installation
of this series will be shocking.
The seventh installation feels
totally different.
It's not even a movie parody.
Then what movie is that?
Well…
A sloppy sitcom
plus family horror, I guess?
What does that mean?
The grandson of the owner
in the first movie,
the grandson of the prisoner
in the second movie,
and the grandson of the first person
who died in the third movie lived together
for some reason.
The house turned out to be haunted,
so they invited a psychic to the house.
It sounds boring.
It's boring to death.
Who would want to see this?
But what's interesting is that
the ones in the fifth and sixth movies--
What?
Why are you here?
Didn't we tell you not to use it
since we're using it as our club room?
But…
You haven't used it lately,
I thought you don't need it anymore.
So?
No, I mean…
Just get out of here, you cockroaches!
Let's go, Yoshino.
Things won't end so easily
if you use this room again.
Got it.
Hey, what are you doing?
What?
I'm taking it back.
Move your foot.
Hey, stop that!
I'm taking this back.
Can you move your foot?
-Oh, no!
Close the door.
Got it.
AUDIO-VISUAL CLUB
-Come on, stand up!
-Take this!
"The antonym of like is indifference."
Did the person
who came up with this go to hell?
Getting along with others
with bad intentions
is better than leaving them alone?
That's impossible.
"The antonym of like is hate."
That's what Japanese people like.
They complicate things
and gain joy from them.
But Japanese people
didn't come up with that.
I'm talking about
the fallacious statement.
What?
Some foreigner initially said that…
"The antonym of love
is indifference," right?
There are many definitions of love.
That's why we can define
the antonym as "indifference."
I guess so.
But the Japanese
don't usually use the word "love."
So in this country,
it changed to "like" at some point.
Can the antonyms of "love"
and "indifference" be established?
No one really thought about it
before spreading it.
Everyone likes to play word games.
Because humans can't live
without making excuses.
What's this?
An experiment to test
how big can humans become.
And what you're holding is a test
to see how small it can go.
This is…
a human?
Junpei, are you used to seeing corpses?
I don't know.
If this were my mother,
I might collapse and hate you.
But I know humanity is ugly.
So I don't have any expectations
for other people.
I don't have any thoughts
about someone else's death either.
Indifference is the virtue
that mankind deserves.
And someone like you seeks revenge?
Are you saying that
I'm contradicting myself?
Do you think people have a heart?
What?
Is the answer "no"?
That's right. It's "no."
Humans have souls.
But that's not the heart.
Then my…
I'm the only one in the world
who understands the structure of a soul.
Because I change the shape
of a creature by touching the soul.
Emotions are products
of the soul's metabolism.
It's too mechanical to call it a heart.
People think too much
about the things they can't see.
As someone who can see them,
souls are the same as bodies,
it's nothing special.
It just exists there.
Do you understand?
Life has no value or weight.
It's like the flow of water
between heaven and earth.
Life is just a cycle.
You and I are the same,
meaningless and worthless.
Father…
Because of this,
you can do whatever you want.
It's your freedom on how to survive.
Don't be imprisoned by
the ideal of indifference.
There's no need to implement
a single living method.
Eat when you're hungry,
kill when you hate.
I acknowledge
your entire existence, Junpei.
I found him.
Wait, casual clothes?
He hasn't been to school lately.
But I'm the same, too.
Are the others doing well?
They seem to be doing well.
So what are we going to do?
Use that.
What?
Is that a Cursed Spirit?
It's a Fly Head,
a low-level Cursed Spirit below Grade 4.
Once you see no one around,
use the Fly Head to attack him.
What?
One, if he's a normal person
who can't see the curse…
Please save him.
Two, if he can see the curse,
but he doesn't know how to handle it…
Please save him too.
Then question him about the incident.
Three, if he eliminates the Fly Head
with cursed technique…
Arrest him on the spot.
With force?
Yes.
Doesn't matter if it's a misunderstanding.
We'll apologize later.
However…
Four, if he has the potential of
a Grade 2 Jujutsu Sorcerer and above…
We'll retreat temporarily
and meet with Mr. Nanami.
If he's a Grade 2,
I should be able to handle him.
If he's a Cursed Spirit, that is.
What?
Fushiguro should have said this before.
We usually dispatch a Jujutsu Sorcerer
of the same grade
as the Cursed Spirit to perform the task.
This means a Grade 2 Jujutsu Sorcerer
can beat Grade 2 Cursed Spirits easily.
A Grade 2 Jujutsu Sorcerer is almost
on par with Grade 1 Cursed Spirits.
Why don't I know
such important information?
Because Mr. Gojo's your teacher!
We'll need to get out of the car here.
I feel like I'm in a charade.
This is lame.
If you're going to come out, do it now.
They may look distorted,
and it's too late to save them,
but it's unpleasant to kill humans.
Wow, I'm glad.
I would be troubled
if Satoru Gojo was here.
But if someone too weak comes,
I can't have my experiment.
I don't like working overtime.
Let's make it quick.
I'll kill you!
They feel similar.
That perfectly flippant attitude
and the sinister strength behind it.
What?
I should've blocked it with cursed energy.
Is it that kind of cursed technique?
What do you mean by "that kind"?
I hate open-ended questions that are
directly thrown at the other party.
That's great.
You don't dislike talking.
It depends on the opponent.
A Cursed Spirit
that can communicate this well…
Mr. Gojo's report only mentioned
two unregistered
Special Grade Curse Spirits.
It's hard to believe that
there's no connection between the two.
Hey, which one do you think came first?
The soul or the body?
What?
Isn't there a similar question?
Did the chicken or the egg come first?
Is the soul hosted in the body?
Or is the soul enveloping the body?
I guess I have to hear him out.
The former.
Wrong, the latter is the answer.
The soul always comes before the body.
The shape of the body is affected
by the shape of the soul.
I'm not healing myself.
I'm just preserving
the shape of my soul consciously.
You should understand, right?
My cursed technique is to touch
the soul and change its shape.
Idle Transfiguration.
I store human beings.
It's quite hard to do that.
Usually, a person will die
soon after their shape is changed.
But what about a Jujutsu Sorcerer?
It's 5:30 p.m. now.
I started working at 10:00 a.m. today.
No matter what,
I must get off work by 6:00 p.m.
Yoshino.
Where have you been?
It's not good to skip school.
Mr. Sotomura.
Have you heard?
Sayama, Nishimura, and Honda are dead.
You're close with them, aren't you?
What?
You have no friends.
They often look after you, don't they?
But you didn't attend their funeral.
-You shouldn't be like this.
-Close?
-Me…
-I'll go with you.
-…and them?
-At least pay your respects.
-He's crazy.
-Okay?
Teachers work in school
after graduating from one.
You've never experienced
society before, have you?
That's why there are
giant babies like you!
Come, open your mouth.
-Every single one of you…
-Look here.
I acknowledge
your entire existence, Junpei.
What are you muttering?
Did you lose your mind
from staying home? Just joking.
What?
This guy…
He can see it.
It hurts. That guy…
Take a peek.
We're starting, Itadori.
Wait! Someone's coming!
What?
Oh, no!
I'm so glad.
What's this? Are you a gymnast?
Hey. I have something to ask you,
so come with me.
Well…
Listen to me.
-This button…
-Wait!
I'm talking with him. You're so rude.
Well, this is quite important.
Something important?
What nonsense are you talking about?
-Which school are you--
-I pull!
-What…
-What?
What are you doing? You brat! Stop it!
Don't take my pants!
Stop…
Stop right there!
What happened?
What?
Well then, let's go.
That was quick! Have you finished a lap?
Yes.
You didn't have to do that.
You could have just dragged me away.
Well…
-But you hate him, right?
-What?
-Why?
Just a feeling.
Was I wrong?
It's true.
You wouldn't want people you hate
to stand in front of your house, right?
Anyway, let's go over there.
Okay.
You're nimble.
This is fun.
He changes the form of humans,
but the mass remains the same?
In any case,
it's not compatible with my technique.
-Help…
-What?
Help me.
A transfigured human can't be saved.
If you're being attacked,
don't hesitate to kill them.
This is for the sake of the victims too.
Oh, sorry.
I practiced it many times.
Disfiguration will not
kill them instantly,
but the accuracy of the brain
or consciousness isn't good enough.
Sometimes, sweat from the soul
will ooze out like this.
Don't mind it. Let's continue.
I don't mind at all.
I always keep my work
and emotions separate.
You're bad at lying!
Your soul is wavering.
Let's see. What grade are you?
Grade 1.
No wonder you're strong.
Your body is perfect for experimentation.
I'm so lucky.
Thank you.
Did the sudden speed increase scare you?
I can reshape my own soul, too.
A Jujutsu Sorcerer may have used
cursed energy to protect their body,
but they have never tried
to protect their soul with it.
Because to do so, you need
to be conscious of your soul first.
Otherwise, you can't protect it.
But it seems like you're subconsciously
guarding your soul with cursed energy.
Otherwise, you'll be my pawn now.
But if I strike your soul
a few more times,
you won't be a human anymore!
I won't let you escape!
Is that all, Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer?
You tried so hard to escape.
But you should be
reaching your limits, right?
Unfortunately…
What's this?
His cursed energy is rising.
I'll start working overtime.
-Juju Stroll!
Fushiguro!
Did you see my uniform jacket?
No, I didn't see it.
That's strange. I thought I left it here.
Hey.
Panda, did you see my uniform jacket?
What?
I didn't see it.
Is that so? I wonder where it went!
Hey, my skirt's missing too.
This is the bottom line
that can't be crossed!
Mustard!
Bonito flakes…
This bunch of trash!
What a scene to behold.
What?
This is Maki's.
Good evening!
I'm Nobara Kugisaki!